Update diagrams in DG for lesson (#203)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-F13-3/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

> Lessons refer to the recurring or makeup lessons added by the user to TAB. These lessons can be added to any particular

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit weird

in TAB. Added lessons can also be edited and deleted.
<br/>

> A `Lesson` is represented in the application as shown in the figure below. It contains a start `Date`, a `TimeRange` for the

Reviewer: the desc doesn't really match the diagram

*Figure I.3.3.1: Activity diagram of `LessonAddCommand`*

<br/>
The lesson added will be displayed in the `LessonListPanel` in TAB.
<br/>

The figure below shows the sequence diagram for adding a lesson to a student.

![LessonAddSequenceDiagram](images/LessonAddSequenceDiagram.png)

*Figure I.3.3.2: Sequence Diagram of `LessonAddCommand`*

<br/>

![LessonAddLogicSequenceDiagram](images/LessonAddLogicSequenceDiagram.png)

*Figure I.3.3.3: Continued Sequence Diagram of `LessonAddCommand`*

<br/>
The `LessonAddCommand#executeUndoableCommand()` method updates the `Lesson` objects in the `Person` in the `UniquePersonList` 
by adding `toAdd` to the list of lessons the student currently has. Note that `toAdd` will not be added if there is an 
existing lesson with a clashing date and timeslot.
<br/>

#### Editing Lessons
The `LessonEditCommand` edits the lesson identified by its index in the displayed list of lessons with respect to the student
with this lesson. The lesson will be edited per the given information input by the user.

<br/>
A simple illustration of how TAB might interact with the user for `LessonEditCommand` is shown below.

> Note that edits involving dates include changes made to the start or end dates of the lesson and/or edits to the cancelled dates of the lesson.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that edits involving dates mean that changes are being made to the start or end dates of the lesson and/or to the cancelled dates of the lesson.
```

    * Cons: Operations are done with respect to the full list of lessons in the application, which means user cannot
      isolate the list of lessons of a student of choice to operate on.

**Aspect: Recurrence rule for recurring lessons**

* **Alternative 1 (current choice):** Only allow weekly recurrence
    * Pros: Easy to implement and allow room for other features (such as detecting of clashes). Weekly recurring lessons are
      common for private 1-to-1 tuition in Singapore.
    * Cons: Users cannot set their own recurrence rule. Workaround for schedule-keeping possible through adding singular lessons
      when needed.

* **Alternative 2:** Allow user to define their own recurrence rule.
    * Pros: Greater flexibility in planning lessons outside the regular weekly recurrence.
    * Cons: Difficult to detect clashes with the endless possibilities.

> 

Reviewer: Please include why the current choice was chosen, e.g., lesson objects in a set in a person fits the 1-to-1 private home tutor more

> 

Reviewer: I suggest not having this as a design consideration, but rather as an upcoming feature, and explain that the other features like clashing lessons, fee calc, etc had higher priority

Author: It can only be feasible if the clashing warning is turned off. There is no known way of calculating the common overlapping date with custom recurrence

   1. Other incorrect delete commands to try: `delete`, `delete x`, `...` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>
      Expected: Similar to previous.

> ### Adding a lesson

Reviewer: Formatting for this portion is a bit too different from the other sections imo

Author: This part belongs to the Appendix which is an entire section on its own plus I didn't change the formatting, this was how it originally was in the template.
